Add push_weather_data Service to Rainmachine (#19600)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/rainmachine.markdown

Services accept either device IDs or entity IDs, depending on the nature of the service:

> - Services that require a device ID as a target:

Author: This is linting from the home-assistant.io devcontainer. Let me know if you want me to exclude.

Reviewer: That's fine.

Pause all watering activities for a number of seconds.

| Service Data Attribute | Optional | Description                    |
| ---------------------- | -------- | ------------------------------ |
| `seconds`              | no       | The number of seconds to pause |

### `rainmachine.push_weather_data`

Push Weather Data from Home Assistant to the RainMachine device.

> Local Weather Push service should be enabled from Settings > Weather > Developer tab for RainMachine to consider the values being sent. Units must be sent in metric; no conversions are performed by the integraion. Note: RAIN and QPF values shouldn't be send as cumulative values but the measured/forecasted values for each hour or day. The RainMachine Mixer will sum all RAIN or QPF values in the current day to have the day total RAIN or QPF.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Push Weather Data from Home Assistant to the RainMachine device.

Local Weather Push service should be enabled from Settings > Weather > Developer tab for RainMachine to consider the values being sent. Units must be sent in metric; no conversions are performed by the integration. Note: RAIN and QPF values shouldn't be sent as cumulative values but the measured/forecasted values for each hour or day. The RainMachine Mixer will sum all RAIN or QPF values in the current day to have the day total RAIN or QPF.
```

> See details of RainMachine API Here: https://rainmachine.docs.apiary.io/#reference/weather-services/parserdata/post

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See details of RainMachine API here: 
<https://rainmachine.docs.apiary.io/#reference/weather-services/parserdata/post>
```

Stop a RainMachine program.

| Service Data Attribute | Optional | Description         |
| ---------------------- | -------- | ------------------- |
| `program_id `          | no       | The program to stop |

### `rainmachine.stop_zone`

Stop a RainMachine zone.

| Service Data Attribute | Optional | Description      |
| ---------------------- | -------- | ---------------- |
| `zone_id `             | no       | The zone to stop |

### `rainmachine.unpause_watering`

Unpause all watering activities.

### `rainmachine.push_weather_data`

Push Weather Data from Home Assistant to the RainMachine device.

> Local Weather Push service should be enabled from Settings > Weather > Developer tab for RainMachine to consider the values being sent. Units must be sent in metric; no conversions are performed by the integraion. Note: RAIN and QPF values shouldn't be send as cumulative values but the measured/forecasted values for each hour or day. The RainMachine Mixer will sum all RAIN or QPF values in the current day to have the day total RAIN or QPF.

Reviewer: I would recommend putting these separate thoughts as bullets:

```suggestion
Some key notes:

* Local Weather Push service should be enabled from Settings > Weather > Developer tab for RainMachine to consider the values being sent.
* Units must be sent in metric; no conversions are performed by the integration.
* Note: RAIN and QPF values shouldn't be send as cumulative values; instead, they should reflect the measured/forecasted values for each hour or day. The RainMachine Mixer will sum all RAIN or QPF values in the current day to have the day total RAIN or QPF.
```

| `wind`                 | no       | Wind Speed (m/s)                                                                                                      |
| `solarrad`             | no       | Solar Radiation (MJ/m²/h)                                                                                             |
| `et`                   | no       | Evapotranspiration (mm)                                                                                               |
| `qpf`                  | no       | Quantitative Precipitation Forecast (mm), or QPF                                                                      |
| `rain`                 | no       | Measured Rainfail (mm)                                                                                                |
| `minrh`                | no       | Min Relative Humidity (%RH)                                                                                           |
| `maxrh`                | no       | Max Relative Humidity (%RH)                                                                                           |

> | `condition`            | no       | Current weather condition code (WNUM)                                                                                 |

Reviewer: This was one that I needed to look up (since I didn't know what it was and couldn't deduce it from the name). Found this: https://blog.synopticlabs.org/blog/2016/09/26/weather-condition-codes.html – is this the same thing? If so, what would you think about linking this as a resource?

Author: I think it's actually this: https://github.com/sprinkler/rainmachine-developer-resources/blob/d47e1ad59dee59e34094ad41636ae289275eb973/sdk-parsers/RMDataFramework/rmWeatherData.py#L13

But I've honestly not messed with it much.

Reviewer: Ah, okay. Worth putting a reference in these docs or no?

Author: Added a reference. I can't tell if it actually does anything however, so I don't know if it is actually still the correct reference. It seems to accept any string or integer. The Push data seems to have some variances to the custom parsers so YMMV. If they publish more details or someone sorts out that it's looking for something else, we can adjust the reference down the road.
